# About Dataset

- Context
This dataset is a collection of basic but crucial stats of the English Premier League 2020-21 season. The dataset has all the players that played in the EPL and their standard stats such as Goals, Assists, xG, xA, Passes Attempted, Pass Accuracy and more! Do upvote if you like it!



- Content 
<ATTRIBUTES - DESCRIPTION>

1. Name - Name of the Player.

2. Club - Club Name for which the Player played in the season.

3. Nationality - The Nation from which the player was.

4. Position - Each player has a certain position, in which he plays regularly. The position in this dataset are, FW - Forward, MF - Midfield, DF - Defensive, GK - Goalkeeper.

5. Age - The Age of the Players.

6. Matches - The number of total matches played by the Player.

7.Starts - The number of times the player was named in the starting 11 by the manager.

8. Mins - The number of minutes played by the player.

9. Goals - The number of Goals scored by the player.

10. Assists - The number of times the player has assisted other player in scoring the goal.

11. Passes_Attempted - The number of passes attempted by the player.

12. PercPassesCompleted - The number of passes that the player accurately passed to his teammate.

13.Penalty_Goals - Number of penalty goals scored by the player.

14. Penalty_Attempted - Number of penalty attempted by player.

15. xG - Expected number of goals from the player in a match.

16. xA - Expected number of assists from the player in a match.

17. Yellow_Cards - The players get a yellow card from the referee for indiscipline, technical fouls, or other minor fouls.

18. Red_Cards - The players get a red card for accumulating 2 yellow cards in a single game, or for a major foul.




- Inspiration
There are several directions you can take with this dataset:

1) Find out which team has the most aggressive defenders (or players for that matter)

2) Which team had more players in the top 10 most assists chart

3) Who were the players with most attempted passes

4) Which players had the most accurate passes excluding the goal keeper and the defenders

5) Defenders with most goals!!

6) Which nation had the most aggressive players?